fancy smile what
Oh paranoid yeah no thought this is good
Oh Mike makes environment I'm actually
I'm actually want to play paranoid that
map is everyone leaves everyone leaves
so it was over screwing with people's
heads see I believe that when you leave
it you're not Emily dude anomaly
yeah there's no evil voted for paranoid
like every fuckin time
I think if you leave everyone will stay
actually so
conventionally no sense
how does that work which became that
person
doesn't he felt he died
where all the zombies I need backup I
just got shot up by a hundred bullets
bad bachelor taught me peace
so that's a bit
down here we can
make us the same shit what is hell you
talking about
so this tragedy for the Bell
that is just a strategy for the box is
ready you got optional it's just cheap
as I hear names ready-mades out mid okay
grab your popcorn zombies
come on a hurry stuck in the wall stuck
in the law
I'm gonna totally biased they might
actually win good news everyone I may
have killed my pet I was wondering how
many people would die
dinner